---
layout: post
title: My Experience with Bloc
---

In the summer of 2016, I was feeling a need for change in my life. I have been cooking since I was in high school, and it has always been something I have enjoyed, but the long hours on my feet, late nights, and lack of social life can take a toll on anybody.  **And then I found coding.** I remember logging onto CodeAcademy for the first time and making a simple page with HTML and CSS, and finally JavaScript. I remember feeling so excited seeing code produce something on the screen.  It wasn't long before I knew this was something I wanted to pursue further.

After a great deal of research, and a lot of self reflection, I enrolled in Bloc's part time web development track.  As I finish up my final projects, and have time to reflect on my experience, I see how far I have come. Learning web development has been one of the most challenging topics I have ever attempted to tackle.  I have learned things like the principles of Object Oriented Programming, worked with two  frameworks(Rails and Angular), and have started working on my first custom Alexa Skill.

A huge aspect of me picking Bloc was their mentor system.  I meet with my mentor twice a week for about 30 minutes each session.  We discuss work I have done on projects, any questions I may have, and anything else to better prepare me as a web developer.  I had the pleasure of working with two different mentors, each with different teaching styles. Both of them had the ability to break down complex topics to a beginner, and support me with any difficulties I was having.  The mentorship has been an integral part of my success, and one of the best parts about Bloc.

Looking back, I am excited about what I have done so far, but I am even more excited for what is to come. I look forward to being consistently challenged, using problem solving skills and teamwork to find solutions to problems.  I look forward to working in a field that is constantly evolving, where there is so much to learn.  I am excited to be a web developer.
